chore(nuget): clarify publish behavior reentrant (#619)
getsentry/craft: README.md

### NuGet (`nuget`)

Uploads packages to [NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/) via [.NET Core](https://github.com/dotnet/core).

> By default, `craft` publishes all packages with `.nupkg` extension by using `dotnet nuget publish --skip-duplicate`
> so re-running `craft` means it will not fail, but instead continue to publish any package it failed.

Author: @BYK Or how about instead?

```suggestion
By default, `craft` publishes all packages with `.nupkg` extension. The target is re-entrant because of `--skip-duplicate`, which allows working around flakiness on the NuGet API by re-running the `craft`.
```
